it's one of my most frequently asked
questions especially on videos where I
actually talk about designers and like
issues in the fashion industry and
things like that is how do I get into
fashion people think that they're
interested in it or they think they like
it but they don't feel like they know as
much as I do or they don't know how to
get started in learning things or
teaching themselves I'm gonna break it
down for you how I kind of educated
myself four easy steps
and this is regarding how to get
interested in fashion how to develop
your knowledge about it not necessarily
how to get into the industry like how to
work in the industry this is just how to
get into fashion but not actually into
fashion so first thing you don't have to
go to school for it unless you're going
to be a designer I would recommend you
to not go to school for it actually and
the other thing I want to say is pay
attention to not just the visual aspects
of fashion but also try to inform
yourself about the other social
political cultural issues that could
have tied into fashion first thing to do
just start paying attention pay
attention to the people around you pay
attention to your friends pay attention
to celebrities to musicians to artists
whoever you like and look at what
they're wearing and try to
introspectively think about what you're
drawn to make notes of it take pictures
of things document your thoughts
somewhere document the ideas you have
you know if you see someone's cool
outfit on the street and you don't want
to be creepy and take a picture with
them you can always break down like pink
beanie white jeans I do that all the
time my iPhone notes is just full of
like nonsense like that and it is
actually really helpful in understanding
like what you're drawn to and what your
own style is and no it's just funny to
go back and read those kinds of notes to
okay the second thing you can do which
is like more of a concrete idea is to
follow breath my shows this is what I
did when I started developing my
designer knowledge and knowledge of
collections and seasons and things like
that
I even Lidge asleep all of my shows I
did that for probably about three years
like I would follow it by season as it
was happening
it got super stressful and I've spoken
about this before but I think that
there's just so much out there now and
it is really overwhelming and I got into
kind of a slump
when I realized that I was doing a lot
more work and trying to keep up with it
a lot more than my peers were actually
doing in fashion school and that kind of
killed my motivation now what I do is
pretty much wait for the season to be
over like a fashion season and then I
will go back and just like binge through
the entire like all the collections I
want to look at I'll look at them save
pictures that I like make no
for DIYs make notes of trends things
like that and I'll just do it after it's
all over because it's so much less
stressful but if you do want to keep up
with it while it's happening that is
super proactive thing to do it's super
impressive if you can do it another way
to do that instead of just having to go
on style that column all the time we're
not fashion all the time it's to just
keep up stay on social media so many
designers and brands and vloggers
post up-to-date information and content
on Instagram on Twitter so you can kind
of get a feel for what's happening even
if you're not looking at it in-depth and
also tumblr is a great resource there
are a lot of actual real tumblr fashion
bloggers not people who post pictures of
their own outfits and not people who
just post pictures of like cutoff shorts
but people who actually keep up with the
runway content and are posting it on a
frequent basis as it's happening going
into the third thing you can keep up
with media blogs video social media
magazines things like that the only
blogs are kind of over
because there's just like they had their
peak in like 2011 2012 maybe I feel like
that was like the blog the time when
blogging became a big thing and that
everyone had a blog and now everyone has
a blog or everyone's just over blogs
because it's too it's too time-consuming
to make a blog and write a blog and keep
up with the vlog it's too time-consuming
to look at a blog you can't multitask
while you're reading a blog as you can
while you're watching a video like this
or you know you can't just flip through
it quickly if you count on Instagram I
feel like the peak blogging time is kind
of over and there's not honestly that
many sad blogs that I still read
something I do do though that is sort of
a dying thing I guess they still support
it's Facebook I don't actually like have
pretty much blocked everyone I'm friends
with on Facebook like blocked their
content on my feed but I follow a lot of
brands and a lot of designers and I get
up to the information about things from
that also magazines and any sort of news
source if you follow them on Facebook
you get you can get sort of just the
important
and a lot of times they are like curated
to what your interest may be just based
on the way that let cookies work and
advertising and all of that stuff where
they gather the information about you
and then give you content that you will
probably like that's super helpful and
then also old-school magazines tear
sheets forget about Pinterest I hate I
would rather make a real life collage um
you know from looking at a hard copy of
a magazine I know those can be expensive
so I do buy selectively now and I don't
I'm not actually subscribed to any
magazines currently it used to be
subscribed to like five at a time and is
there's something really like satisfying
about still having a magazine in looking
at the inspirations on paper put put up
your inspirations on your wall got some
sort of documentation in front of your
face can be really helpful in looking
for patterns and what you like and
looking for trends and things like that
and then following that train this is
not a train the fourth thing you can do
is look at books and films some more
sort of media content but in a more
solid professional form pretty much if
you just go to the fashion section of
your library I couldn't tell you like
what Dewey Decimal System number that
would be but if you look up like one
book about fashion generally you'll
it'll be in a section where there's a
bunch of other books about fashion and
designers there's lots of great books
out there that are just like visual
histories of a whole brand or of a
designer and then there's lots of also
very in-depth researched information
about fashion and its effects on culture
and things like that and then
documentaries of course there's lots of
those out there about fashion about
designers about the making of a
collection maybe not Lots there's
definitely a handful of films out there
that are readily available and
well-known that are about fashion and
that will help you understand
the process a little more and help you
develop your knowledge about it and then
non documentary films like cult sort of
cult classic films that have some sort
of passion following or have you know
that are often referenced in fashion
whether that's like clueless or The
Virgin Suicides things you know films
that you know that you see images a lot
referenced in fashion or you see you
know trends related to images seen in
those types of film that will also help
you better your understanding of the way
that fashion sort of transcends
different media's and different aspects
of culture and things like that so those
are my quick tips for getting into
fashion developing your interest in
fashion if you have any questions leave
them down below I have done videos
before where I talk about how I
personally got into fashion also will be
linked down below yeah I hope this maybe
helped you and they'll see you next
video bye